# Retrieve All Channel Users with GraphQL

## Introduction to Channel User Type

To understand the available fields and options when working with channel users, refer to the [Channel User Type](/types/ChannelUser). This will provide you with a comprehensive list of fields that can be retrieved for each channel user node.

## Querying All Channel Users

To list all the channel users in your app, you can use the query below. This example focuses on extracting the `id` from each channel user, but you can use any field described in the Channel User Type, as linked above.

```graphql
query GetAllChannelUsers($last: number, $after: string) {
  app {
    channelUsers(last: $last, after: $after) {
      nodes {
        id
      }

      pageInfo {
        hasNextPage
        hasPreviousPage
        endCursor
        startCursor
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## What Can You Do with This Query?

By using this GraphQL query, you can retrieve a list of all channel users in your app, allowing you to focus on particular interactions and gain insights into individual communication patterns. You can customize the query to retrieve additional information by modifying the fields according to your needs. This helps you better understand and engage with your customers or team members in a targeted manner.

## Summary

This guide demonstrates how to use a GraphQL query to retrieve a list of all channel users in your app. It covers the basics of using the Channel User Type, creating the query, and customizing it to retrieve the desired information. By mastering these concepts, you'll be able to manage and analyze channel users effectively, leading to improved customer engagement and team collaboration.
