# Understanding Rate Limiting
Rate limiting is a technique we use to ensure a fair experience for all users of our API. It prevents any user from overloading the system with too many requests in a short time.

## How Rate Limiting Works at Rasayel
We use a method called the [Leaky Bucket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leaky_bucket) approach. Imagine you're filling a bucket with water. If you add water too fast, it will overflow. But if you add water at a steady pace, it won't. The same principle applies to sending requests to our API.

> **Leaky Bucket Explained**
>
> The leaky bucket system rewards users who send requests at a steady rate. If you send too many requests too quickly, your "bucket" overflows, and you'll be temporarily blocked from sending more requests.

## Complexity Rate Limiting
We measure the "weight" of your requests using a complexity counter, similar to the system [used by Shopify](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/usage/rate-limits#graphql-admin-api-rate-limits). Each app can send requests with a total complexity of 1000 per minute. If you exceed this limit, you'll be temporarily blocked.

### Queries and Mutations
Queries and mutations are types of requests. Most queries have a complexity of 0 or 1. Mutations usually have a complexity of 10 or 20. So, if a mutation has a complexity of 10, you can send 100 of these per minute before you hit the limit.

## Tracking Your Usage
Each request response includes an `extensions` block that shows your current usage status.

```json
"extensions": {
        "cost": {
            "throttleStatus": {
                "maximumAvailable": 1000,
                "restoreRate": 50,
                "currentlyAvailable": 980
            }
        }
    }
```

- `currentlyAvailable`: How much of your complexity limit you have left.
- `restoreRate`: How much of your complexity limit is restored each minute.
- `maximumAvailable`: The maximum complexity you can use in a minute.

# What Happens When You Hit the Limit
If you exceed the rate limit, you'll receive an error message and information about when you can send requests again.


```json
{
	"data": {
		"attachmentUpload": null
	},
	"errors": [
		{
			"message": "You have exceeded the complexity limit in the current window. Please try again later.",
			"locations": [
				{
					"line": 7,
					"column": 2
				}
			],
			"path": [
				"attachmentUpload"
			],
			"extensions": {
				"code": "RATE_LIMITED",
				"throttle_status": {
					"retryAfter": 16,
					"maximumAvailable": 1000,
					"restoreRate": 50,
          "currentlyAvailable": 0
				}
			}
		}
	]
}
```

- `retryAfter`: How long you need to wait (in seconds) before you can send requests again.

# How To Handle Rate Limits
Here are some strategies to avoid hitting the rate limit:

- Use an exponential backoff system.
- Queue your requests and send them based on complexity limits.
- Spread out your requests over time.
